A website for group ordering Vapes.

the shop is closed, when a general order is opening the shop is available.
an admin is opening a general order with a deadline, when the deadline is reached the general order will be closed automaticlly, the admin can also set a future general order that wil open automaticlly when the time has arrived.
when the shop is closed users can just watch the products but cant order.
Email will be sent to the users that a general order has been opened and they can enter and order.
Users will get in the shop seeing the general order and the deadline.
users will place theire orders and their orderes will join the general order.
when a user has placed his order he can not place another order, he can only edit or delete his current order until the general order is closed.

a day before the general order is closing all users will get an email to remind them the order ends in 24 hours.

an hour before the general order is closing all users will get an email to remind them the order ends in 1 hour.

when a general order is closing all users will get an email that the general order has been closed.

when a general order is closed the admins will get an email with two pdf files:
1. admin_report_<date and time of the order has been closed>.pdf
2. supplier_report_<date and time of the order has been closed>.pdf

admin report will contain:
- details about the general order
- a summry of each user and what he has ordered
- a summry of the amount each user is needing to pay
- a summry of the amount of the whole general order

supplier report will contain:
- deatils about the general orde
- a summry of all the products and quantity for each products
- a summry of the amount ot the whole general order
- a contact for the order (the admin who opened the order)

all of the orders (users and general) will be archived after general order will be closed and the admins could get to it at any time.
in the archive the admins could press a button to produce manually the pdf files accordingly.

NOTE: the users shouldnt choose which general order to join, at all time only one general order can be opened.